Hello and welcome back on this journey this second journey of the course we have made some good progress.
We are actually past halfway.
And now that we have the environment the brain of our AI and the U.N. elements.
Well we are ready to start the training and that's why I'm here in this newfound training that why where
I've already prepared everything.
So what do I mean by prepare everything.
Well since this is actually the file that will run you know we will only execute the code of this file.
Well I here the library is to install.
We want to install them now we will do that at the very end because I want to focus on the implementation
now.
And you will see that this will be a very quick and easy installation with absolutely no issue.
And then I've also prepared the libraries that we'll need for this implementation trending that way.
So let's have a look at them quickly one by one.
Here we import os which means operating system.
And that's only because we are setting a C here for reproducibility purposes which means that when I
execute the training you know we'll see some results.
And on your side when you execute the training the same training on your computer.
Well thanks to this.
You will get the same result not only thanks to this but also thanks to this where he will fix a seed
for all the known by random conditions.
And again here where we fix the seed for all the random mutations coming from the random library.
All right remember we did this at some point in the environment when simulating the fluctuations of
the number of users and the rate of data transmission.
All right so I did that only for teaching purposes and that's why we did not code that together.
But then what is very important to understand is that here we are about to implement the whole training.
Well we have to import everything that we've made so far in the environment.
Of course we'll have to create the server environment to be able to train an AI onto it and regulate
its energy consumption.
And then of course we'll import the brain you know we'll create a brain object so that our I can have
a brain ready to be trained to regulate the temperature.
And of course all the different elements which will be created through an object of the teacher in class
we implemented in the fall.
OK.
So not to confuse these are built in libraries and these are our foules.
All right.
Perfect.
Then we start to see it here and now.
The first step and which belongs to the general AI framework is to set all the parameters that will
need for this training implementation.
So here we go.
Let's get started.
All right so the first parameter that we'll get is Epsilon.
And this is going to be the exploration parameter because you know when we train an AI it is always
recommended to do some exploration versus exploitation.
Exploitation is when you directly train your AI AI with its predictions and exploration is to play some
random actions instead of the actions returned by your AI.
And so it is recommended to have some part of exploration and the more your problem is complex the more
you have to explore.
So here we'll do 30 percent of exploration and this Epsilon parameter that I'm introducing now will
be exactly this 30 percent no 0.3 here means that we will do 30 percent exploration then you will understand
how we will use this epsilon to make that happen.
Then the next parameter is going to be the number of actions which of course is five.
We need that because we will need to enter the number of actions at some point.
Then a new variable which we haven't introduced before and which is simply going to be you know that
boundary separating the two directions of temperature change that the Aikin cause and by boundary I
mean the boundary of the actions index's.
So the actions are either 0 1 2 3 or 4 0 and 1 means that AI's cooling down the server and 4 and 5 means
that the AI is heating up the server.
And so that boundary that I want to introduce now is going to be that middle index to correspond to
the situation where your AI doesn't transfer any heat to the server.
But since you know you might want to train your AI with a different number of actions.
Well I'm not going to say that it's going to be directly to here but the number of actions minus one
then divided by two.
OK.
And when we have five actions that gives us exact the boundary index of two.
Now we can move on to the next parameter which is going to be the total number of books over which we'll
train our AI.
And this is going to be one thousand epochs.
All right.
But then no worries we will do something better than training it on 1000 airbags but that will be for
the homework gets a number of books equals 1000.
Then we will introduce the maximum size of the memory which will be 3000 So we'll have a big experience
replay.
So Max Memory here is of course the parameter max memory here in the dequeue in class which means that
the maximum size of our memory and experience replay will be 3000.
Then the batch size which again is the size of the both the batches of inputs and the target.
So actually here I'm going to remove the tents that was just for the default value to explain this before.
Of course we're not going to have batches of ten inputs and 10 targets that is too small.
We all have batches of 512 inputs and target 512 is actually a choice of common practice.
You know you will usually see some batch sizes of either 32 64 128 256 and sometimes 512.
So we'll try with 512.
But of course feel free to choose your model and by choosing your model I just mean changing the values
of the parameters here or changing the parameters in the architecture of the brain you know you can
try with a different number of hidden neurons here in the hidden layers.
OK.
Then after the batch size we have to introduce one final variable which is the temperature step and
that is the difference of temperature changes caused by the onto this or between two consecutive indexes
of the action.
And since you know we go from minus three to minus 1.5 to 0 2 plus 1.5 and 2 3 Well that means the step
of temperature change between two consecutive actions is 1.5.
And that's exactly this temperature step here.
So I'm introducing an initialising temperature step as 1.5 and perfect.
That's all for the parameters we have to introduce and initialize for this training implementation.
So now we'll move on to the next step which will be a fun step because that will consist of creating
the object of everything we've built.
So an object for the environment an object for the brain and an object for the U.N. algorithm.
So you will see that we'll do that in a flash light.
We'll just have to get for each of them the parameters of the init method.
Right.
These ones and these ones and that will be it.
But we'll have to choose some relevant values.
So think about this and let's do this together in the next tutorial.
Until then enjoy AI.